docs: add notice clarifying domain association (#3164)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/developing/domain.en.md

# Domain

!!!attention

>     Today, a route53 domain name can be associated only while creating the app for the first time.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Today, a Route 53 domain name can be associated only when running `app init`.  
```
or something like that? "for the first time" seems misleading because we then guide them into the solution, creating it a second time. 😆

Author: Done!

>     If you'd like to update your application with a domain ([#3045](https://github.com/aws/copilot-cli/issues/3045)), 

Reviewer: 🤔  Is it weird to link to a customer-opened GH issue in our official docs?

Author: I think it's fine 🤷 I wanted to link it so that it can generate more 👍 from users

We'll make this feature more powerful in the future by allowing you to import certificates and use any aliases!

> !!!info

Reviewer 2: Why do we get rid of this info block? I think the rule still applies right?

Author: The info blocks felt like implementation detail that might not be interesting for users, that's why I removed it. Let me know if you disagree!

  alias: example.aws
```

> !!!info

Reviewer 2: same here
